Рђф[car door opens. closes]
Рђф-[door opens]
Рђф-[Joyce] Let's hurry up. Menzi.
РђфLet's get all the things we need
Рђфand get out of here.
РђфBecause I have to--
Рђф[person sighs]
РђфOh. wow.
РђфMaJele.
РђфI didn't know that you were staying here.
РђфMm-hmm. [grunts]
РђфAnywaysРђд
РђфWe're not here for long.
РђфWe've just came to pick up
Рђфsome stuff for the twins.
РђфThen we'll be on our way.
РђфBabe. have you seen my--
РђфWe have guests.
Рђф-[Menzi inhales sharply]
Рђф-[Joyce scoffs]
РђфMaJele. um.
РђфI'd like to apologize
Рђфfor what Matipa has done.
Рђфleaving you with the little ones.
РђфI wanted to thank you forРђд
Рђфfor looking after the twins.
РђфYou're a good woman.
Рђф[scoffs]
РђфA good woman?
Рђф[Joyce scoffs]
РђфMenzi. where's the kids' bedroom?
РђфCan you show me where--
РђфIt's that side.
Рђф[Menzi scoffs]
Рђф[Joyce sighs]
Рђф[Jonasi sighs]
Рђф[Joyce] Let's go.
Рђф-[Jonasi] Mm-hmm.
Рђф-[door opens. closes]
Рђф[sniffs] They're going to pay.
РђфJoyce. Magesh. Matipa and Essie.
РђфThey'll get what's coming to them.
Рђф-Don't worry.
Рђф-Hmm.
РђфYou have me now. I'm your family. okay?
Рђф[grunts. sighs]
Рђф[beeps. blares]
Рђф-[beeping. blaring continues]
Рђф-[elevator opens]
Рђф-[beeps]
Рђф-Hi.
РђфMkhize. this thing of yours
Рђфis not working.
РђфPlease. come open for me.
РђфYou shaking your head?
РђфAre you shaking it at me?
РђфI'm sorry. sir.
Рђфbut I was given the instructions
Рђфnot to allow you into this building.
РђфDo you still want to work here?
РђфYes. I do. sir.
Рђфbut the rules don't allow me to.
Рђф[scoffs]
РђфWhat is this shit. Buhle?
РђфI'm sorry. Mr. G.
Рђф[Lindani] I cannot wait
Рђфto meet your business partners.
РђфI hope I won't embarrass you.
РђфListen. it's just a party.
РђфIt's not a business meeting.
РђфWe're going to have fun.
РђфListen. what I want from you
Рђфis to be the finest at this party.
Рђф-Mmm.
Рђф-I want you sizzling.
РђфWhose girl am I?
РђфThat's right. You're my girl.
Рђф-[chuckles]
Рђф-[smacks lips] Here. Take my card.
РђфGet yourself whatever you want.
РђфIs there a budget?
Рђф-What's that?
Рђф-[sucks teeth]
Рђф-All right. because you've spokenРђд
Рђф-There we go.
Рђф-РђдI will go get myself something sexy.
Рђф-Yes. Mm-hmm.
РђфI just hope you won't rip it off
Рђфbefore the party starts.
Рђф-Hurry up.
Рђф-Okay. [chuckles]
РђфThank you. Daddy.
Рђф-Thank you so much. [squeals]
Рђф-There we go.
РђфMmm. [chuckles]
РђфMmm.
РђфWow. you forgot your keys?
РђфHi. UmРђд
Рђф[smacks lips] I think I may be lost.
РђфI'm looking for my friend. Matipa.
РђфMatipa doesn't live here anymore.
Рђф-Oh. Damn.
Рђф-Yes.
РђфUh. do you know maybe where she moved to?
РђфBecause I've been
Рђфtrying to call her. and no luck.
РђфNo.
Рђф-No?
Рђф-Mm-hmm.
РђфOh.
Рђф[sighs. clears throat]
РђфI've been walking for so long.
Рђфso I'm dying of thirst.
РђфCould I please have some water?
Рђф-Water?
Рђф-Yes. water.
РђфYou can come in. There's water here.
РђфThank you.
Рђф[Joyce] I don't know what's going on.
РђфIt's like Matipa just disappeared
Рђфoff the face of the earth.
РђфAnd you know. whenever I think
Рђфabout what she didРђд
РђфI don't know. I justРђд
РђфI just get this internal anger.
РђфBut at the same timeРђд
РђфI really understand her.
Рђф-Yeah. hey.
Рђф-And how are you?
Рђф-UhРђд
Рђф-Hmm?
РђфHow's Tholakele?
Рђф[both chuckle]
РђфNo. no. I'm good.
Рђф-And she treats me pretty sharpРђд
Рђф-You're good? Good.
РђфРђдyou know. under the circumstances
Рђфwe find ourselves in.
РђфWhat circumstances are those?
РђфI was fired by Jonasi.
РђфHe cut me off completely.
РђфHe blocked my number.
Рђф[sighs]
РђфI'm so sorry.
РђфBut is there nothing you can do
Рђфto fight this. man? Huh?
РђфTake him to the CCMA or something.
РђфThis is going to sound really strange.
РђфBut. I'm good.
РђфIt feels like a weight has been lifted.
РђфSeriously.
РђфI always defended him and all his shit.
Рђф[Joyce sighs]
РђфHe's hurt a lot of people.
РђфI can't keep protecting
Рђфor defend him anymore.
РђфNow I can finally wake up in the morning
Рђфand look at myself in the mirror.
РђфI don't know. but in life. I think
Рђфsometimes the best thing that we can do
Рђфas people is to walk away.
Рђф[inhales sharply] Yes.
РђфLeave it all behind.
РђфBut for Jonasi Gomora.
Рђфhe'll get what's his.
РђфOne day is one day.
РђфDoctors say
Рђфyou need to work out this muscle.
Рђф-[laughing]
Рђф-This muscle needs to work out.
Рђф-This one right here.
Рђф-[laughing] You're lying.
Рђф-Mmm.
Рђф-[laughing]
Рђф-Oh. well.
Рђф-Mmm.
РђфUnfortunately. I have to get going now.
Рђф-Oh. come on.
Рђф-Mm-hmm.
РђфYou still need to drink water.
Рђф-Mmm. I need to go.
Рђф-Oh.
РђфAnd you know what?
РђфI think you should go
Рђфinto stand-up comedy because. wow.
Рђф[Jonasi] Mmm.
Рђф[stammers] Wait. wait. wait.
Рђф[sighs]
РђфDo you really have to go?
РђфWhy? Do you want me to stay?
Рђф-Yes.
Рђф-What are you going to do to me?
Рђф[upbeat music playing]
Рђф-[Jonasi] Hey. hey. hey.
Рђф-[laughing]
РђфNo one can throw
Рђфthese parties quite like you. my brother.
РђфYou know me.
Рђф-Just look.
Рђф-Hey.
РђфShe's so young. Can you handle it?
РђфI still have the energy.
РђфI have her legs up in the air like that.
Рђф[both laughing]
Рђф-Then put your head in between her thighs.
Рђф-Inside.
Рђф-Oh. yeah. [exclaims]
Рђф-[exclaims]
Рђф-[grunts]
Рђф-[Mr. Msomi] Come. so I can do it too.
РђфThat's how it is. gentlemen.
РђфThat's how it is.
РђфWe got some ladies.
Рђф[upbeat music continues]
Рђф-[chuckles]
Рђф-[Mr. Msomi chuckles]
РђфFuck. these girls.
Рђф[Jonasi's friend] Yeah!
Рђф[music ends]
Рђф[bleating]
Рђф[somber music playing]
РђфThe day you let me into your heart
Рђфis the day I'll stop with the others.
РђфYou're talking nonsense now. Please go.
Рђф-[young Jonasi] РђфDream about me tonight.
Рђф-[young Essie] РђфGo.
Рђф[chuckles]
Рђф-[Sarah] РђфMom.
Рђф-[liquid sizzling]
Рђф-Mom?
Рђф-Oh! [gasps]
РђфOuch!
РђфYou miss him. don't you?
Рђф[stammers]
РђфPlease go get my pills upstairs.
РђфI have a headache.
РђфOuch.
Рђф[sighs]
Рђф[melancholy music plays]
РђфNo. Let him call me first.
Рђф[Lindani] These earrings are so beautiful.
Рђф[Jonasi]
РђфHappy three-month anniversary. my baby.
Рђф-I look so rich.
Рђф-[sighs]
Рђф-You look rich?
Рђф-Mmm.
Рђф-Come on. You are rich.
Рђф-[laughs]
РђфYou're rich. You're rich. Mmm?
Рђф-There we go.
Рђф-[sighs]
Рђф[sucks teeth] Yeah.
Рђф[exhales] Okay.
РђфWhat's wrong now?
Рђф[sighs] It's just that I saw on Instagram
Рђфthat Mrs. Msomi will be there.
Рђф-[sighs]
Рђф-And Mrs. Msomi is Joyce's friend.
РђфNo. [coughs]
РђфDon't mind her. [coughs] Don't mind her.
РђфLet me get you some water.
Рђф[coughing]
Рђф-You've been coughing.
Рђф-[sighs]
Рђф[hoarsely] It's just a flu. It'll pass.
Рђф[inhales sharply]
Рђф-I don't think it'll pass. hey.
Рђф-[exhales] It'll pass. It'll pass.
Рђф-You've been coughing for weeks now.
Рђф-Mmm.
РђфAnd the medication you're taking
Рђфisn't helping.
Рђф[sighs. whispering] Don't panic.
РђфStop stressing. It'll be okay.
Рђф-[sniffles] Let's go.
Рђф-[sighs]
РђфWe shouldn't be late. [sighs]
Рђф[sirens wailing]
Рђф[doctor sighs] Mr. Gomora.
Рђфyour results show that
Рђфyou have pneumonia.
Рђф-Pneumonia?
Рђф-Mmm.
РђфOh.
Рђф[clears throat] Well. that's good then.
Рђф'cause at least we can treat it.
Рђф[sighs] But that's not all we've found.
РђфThe tests also indicate.
РђфMr. Gomora. you are infected.
РђфYou have HIV.
РђфNo.
РђфI mean. maybeРђд
Рђф[clears throat] There must have been
Рђфa mix-up. These things happen.
РђфUh. listen. uhРђд I don't have HIV.
Рђф[sighs] I know. Mr. Gomora.
Рђфit's a lot to take in.
Рђф-Didn't you hear me?
Рђф-[sighs]
РђфI don't have HIV. There's no way.
РђфHIV. Mr. Gomora. is not a--
Рђф[Jonasi] РђфHey. hey. Are you deaf?
РђфHey. hey. you idiot.
Рђф[stutters] You've spent seven years
Рђфin medical school
Рђфand that's all you can come up with?
РђфAre you deaf?
РђфI don't have HIV. Do you hear me?
РђфDo you hear me?
РђфThat thing smells terrible.
РђфIt's medicine.
РђфThat's definitely not medication.
Рђф-It's poison.
Рђф-[sighs]
РђфWhat you should be doing is taking
Рђфyour pills so you can feel better.
РђфWhat you should be making me eggs.
Рђф-That's what you should be doing.
Рђф-Eggs?
РђфDon't tell me about eggs.
РђфDon't you dare tell me about eggs.
РђфI'm gonna be late for my Pilates class.
РђфIf you dare walk out that doorРђд
РђфIf you walk out that door.
Рђфdon't bother coming back.
РђфWhere do you want me to go. Jonasi? Huh?
РђфWhere should I go?
РђфMy mother kicked me out
Рђфbecause I moved in with you.
Рђф-And I don't care.
Рђф-You don't care?
Рђф-I don't care about that.
Рђф-Don't tell me that.
РђфAll your wives have left you.
Рђф-[scoffs]
Рђф-You're stuck with me.
РђфAnd there's nothing you can do about that.
РђфTake your pills. eat and wash your dishes.
РђфYour soup is in the oven.
РђфLindani.
Рђф[Lindani scoffs]
Рђф[door opens. closes]
Рђф[grunts]
Рђф[sighs]
Рђф[Magesh] РђфHave you been to the doctor?
Рђф[Jonasi sniffles] РђфYes. Brother.Рђф [coughing]
РђфI'm drinking herbal medication.
РђфI'm not talking about a cultural healer.
РђфI mean a Western doctor.
Рђф[scoffs] Let's drop that topic. bro.
РђфThat's not why I called you here.
РђфWell. um. let's get into it.
РђфUh. J&J is in trouble.
РђфI need your help.
Рђф[coughs] As you can see. I've been
Рђфa little under the weather lately.
РђфI don't even know how many meetings I've
Рђфmissed because of the situation I'm in.
Рђф[sighs]
РђфAnd to top it off.
Рђфthe investors want to take their money.
РђфAnd the shareholders
Рђфare constantly complaining.
РђфTherefore. I need you to
Рђфhold the fort for me. Brother.
РђфUntil I gather some strength
Рђфand get things back to normal.
Рђф[coughs]
Рђф-You fired me. Jonasi.
Рђф-[scoffs]
РђфThe truth is.
Рђфit's just that my life is good.
РђфI've been doing well.
РђфDo you want me to beg?
РђфHmm? [chuckles]
РђфI know you need this money.
РђфYou need the money.
Рђф[scoffs]
Рђф[chuckles. coughs]
Рђф[inhales sharply. huffs]
РђфOkay. Brother.
РђфDon't do it for me. then.
РђфDo it for Essie.
РђфJoyce. Matipa.
РђфActually. do it for the kids. then.
Рђф[sniffles]
РђфI need you. Brother.
РђфI'm pleading here.
Рђф[melancholy music playing]
Рђф[sighs]
Рђф[coughs]
Рђф[Magesh] РђфHe's not okay.
РђфHe's really sick. Seriously.
РђфHe has sores on his mouth and nose.
РђфSay something. Essie.
РђфWhat do you want me to say?
РђфHe's your husband.
РђфSince when?
РђфI haven't seen him in two years.
РђфHe's been living his life.
Рђфdoing what he wants.
РђфHe hasn't checked on us.
РђфHe forgot about us completely.
РђфHe's so stubborn.
РђфHe doesn't even want to see a doctor.
РђфBusy with herbal medicine.
Рђф-[Essie scoffs]
Рђф-[grunts]
РђфEssie. I'm begging you.
РђфPlease. call him.
РђфYou're the only one he'll listen to.
Рђф[dogs barking]
Рђф[Menzi] Where are we now?
РђфWhat are we doing here?
Рђф[Magesh] You see. my boy.
Рђфthis is where your father and I grew up.
Рђф[sighs] It hasn't changed a single bit.
Рђф[exclaims] So now. UncleРђд
РђфSo you brought us all this way
Рђфjust to show us this?
РђфA trip down memory lane?
РђфOnly a few people ever make it out of
Рђфthis place and become successful in life.
РђфLike your dad and I.
РђфEven then. it was a miracle.
РђфHard work by Jonasi.
РђфHis determination and preservation.
РђфYou know. Uncle.
РђфI hear what you're saying. but
РђфI don't know where you're going with this.
РђфYeah.
Рђф-He reached out to me.
Рђф-[Sarah exclaims]
Рђф[scoffs] I should've known.
Рђф[sighs] No. we're good.
РђфWe are fine with him
Рђфnot being in our lives.
Рђф-Mmm.
Рђф-Hey. hey. hey. Stop that.
РђфI understand. I get it.
РђфYour father hurt a lot of people.
РђфIt's hard to forgive him.
РђфIf there's one thing I know about him.
Рђфhe saved us from this poverty.
РђфHe gave you the life that you have now.
РђфWhat Jonasi was doing was being a father.
РђфThat is his job.
РђфWe don't owe him anything.
РђфAt least he was a father to you. Menzi.
РђфI didn't have that.
РђфPlease be grateful.
РђфYour father needs you.
РђфHe needs us.
РђфWell. I guess you reap what you sow.
РђфShut up. Menzi. man!
Рђф[Sarah scoffs] Wow.
РђфWe grew up in this fucking house!
РђфWe were poor and struggling!
РђфHe took us out of here!
РђфAll I want from you twoРђд
Рђфis that you two take responsibility.
РђфGrow this company. Make it better.
РђфThat's what generational wealth
Рђфis all about.
РђфI'm begging you. my children.
РђфForgive him.
РђфAnd move on.
РђфLet's all go to work
Рђфand make that company better.
РђфThis is your legacy.
Рђф[Jonasi coughs. clears throat]
Рђф[coughs. clears throat]
Рђф-[Essie] Jonasi.
Рђф-[Jonasi] Hmm?
РђфCome home with me.
РђфI'll take care of you
Рђфuntil you feel better.
Рђф[Jonasi sighs]
Рђф[groans] MaQwabe.
РђфI want to thank you for coming here.
РђфAnd to thank you
Рђфfor the soup you've brought.
Рђф[coughing]
РђфI'm begging you. Jonasi.
РђфPlease. let's go. Why are you still here?
РђфYou want people to think
Рђфthat I'm knocking on death's door?
РђфI don't want to be
Рђфa laughingstock. [coughs. groans]
РђфWhy does that matter to you?
РђфYou care about what people think?
РђфWhat? Do you want to die here?
РђфI'd rather stay hereРђд
Рђф[coughs] Рђдthan to go back to the township.
РђфNo.
РђфHave aРђд
РђфHave a safe journey.
Рђф[Essie] I'll come back tomorrow.
РђфI'll bring your clean linen.
РђфThe ones you have are dirty.
Рђф[coughs. groans]
РђфI'll also bring you some fruit.
Рђф[inhales deeply. sighs]
РђфI'll see you tomorrow then.
Рђф[Jonasi] Mmm. [grunts]
Рђф[Jonasi groans]
Рђф[clicks tongue]
РђфYou scamming little bitch.
РђфI know why you're still here.
РђфAnd why is that?
РђфYou're waiting for him to die
Рђфso you can have his money.
РђфI'll give you some money.
РђфI can tell you need it.
Рђф[Jonasi grunts]
Рђф[clicks tongue]
РђфYou'll warm up the food
РђфI've brought for supper.
РђфAt least you cooked. Thank you.
Рђф[clicks tongue]
Рђф[groans]
РђфMmm.
Рђф[buzzes]
Рђф[beeps]
РђфHello.
Рђф[Jonasi] РђфJoyce.Рђф [coughs]
РђфI called you on private
Рђфbecause I wasn't sure if you'd pick up.
РђфYou're right to think so.
РђфWhat do you want. Jonasi?
РђфWhat nonsense do you want to start now?
РђфNo--Рђф [coughs]
РђфI just wanted to hear your voice.
Рђф[scoffs]
Рђф[Jonasi coughs]
РђфDo you remember how we used to talk
Рђфabout anything and everything?
Рђф-Yes.
Рђф-[coughing]
РђфAnd then you decided to ruin all of that.
Рђф-Right?
Рђф-[huffs]
РђфAre you going to be mad at me forever?
Рђф[scoffs]
Рђф[scoffs] You know what?
РђфGood night. Jonasi. Wow.
РђфJoyce. Рђф[coughs] РђфWait.
РђфI just wanted to tell you
Рђфthat you're a good woman.
РђфI also just wanted to say thatРђд
РђфI'm hereРђд
Рђфif you ever need to talk.
Рђф-[scoffs]
Рђф-[call ends]
РђфJoyce.
Рђф-It's Jonasi.
Рђф-[tense music plays]
Рђф[Joyce] РђфYou know. last nightРђд
Рђф-he gave me a call.
Рђф-[heart monitor beeping]
РђфAnd for the first time in his life.
Рђфhe sounded like he wantedРђд
Рђфlike he wanted to apologize.
Рђф[sighs]
РђфJonasi.
РђфIt's me.
РђфYou can come back home.
РђфI'll nurse you back to health.
РђфBut only on one condition.
РђфYou need to stop
Рђфwith your promiscuous lifestyle.
РђфStopРђд
Рђфlying.
Рђф-Do you hear me?
Рђф-[heart monitor continues]
РђфFrom Monday to Thursday.
Рђфwe know what we'll cook for him.
РђфI'm thinking that maybe
Рђфon Fridays we cook him soup.
РђфAnd then on the side.
Рђфhe'll have some fruit.
РђфObviously. we'll have to puree them.
РђфYes. ma'am.
РђфUh. I'm sure he'll be feeling better
Рђфby the end of the week. ma'am.
Рђф[chuckles]
РђфThank you. Ntombi.
РђфYes. ma'am.
Рђф[siren wailing]
Рђф[Joyce] Trust me.
Рђфmy children are
Рђфthe only reason why I'm here.
Рђф[Magesh] Yeah.
РђфMagesh.
Рђф-[Magesh] And now?
Рђф-Oh. my God.
Рђф-[groans]
Рђф-No. no. no.
Рђф-Essie. Essie.
Рђф-It can't be.
Рђф-What's going on. Magesh? Where is Jonasi?
Рђф-Essie. Essie. [shushes]
РђфPlease. calm down.
РђфLet's not jump to conclusions.
Рђф-Maybe they've moved him.
Рђф-[sighs]
РђфLet's just wait for the doctor.
РђфDoctor. please. can you tell me
Рђфwhat happened to my husband?
РђфUh. Mr. Gomora was discharged
Рђфearlier this morning.
РђфHuh?
РђфHe was signed out by Ms. Lindani Mbatha.
Рђф[gasps]
Рђф-You see now?
Рђф-Huh?
РђфYou see. Gesh?
РђфHe's chosen to go die in that dump.
Рђф[scoffs] Whatever.
РђфNo. no. no. I'm done now.
РђфI am done with Jonasi.
РђфHim and I will see each other
Рђфon the day of his funeral.
РђфFinished. End of story.
Рђф-Calm down--
Рђф-No. no. no.
Рђф[tense music playing]
РђфLet's all calm down.
РђфYeah.